DOCUMENTATION   FOR   GITHUB PROJECT

In this GITHUB, we are creating new repository, the repository name was UseCase .
In this respository , we are creating some branches . The branches are main(master) , Develop , Feature , QA , Release .
 

Next we are going to open local repository , inside local repo will open command prompt . In command prompt , we are type the git command . 
 

So First typing git command was , 
git pull   ----  This command is used to fetch the changes from a remote repository (in this case, GitHub) and merge them into your current branch. It also lists any new branches that were found on the remote repository.

git checkout Develop ----  This command switches your local repository to the Develop branch.

Next In local repo ,we are creating new file (Its like coding file) ,the file name was Document.

 

And next add the file into remote repo.

git add . ---- This command stages all the changes in the current directory for the next commit.

 git commit -m "Developer push the file"  ---- This command records the changes staged for the commit with a message describing the changes.

 git push  ----  This command records the changes staged for the commit with a message describing the changes.

     

Now all the files are pushed into features branch . In this push , there are some conditions . The conditions are  rebase or pull request .
 First click the pull request option , then click new pull request , now change base and compare branch. so base --- Feature branch , compare --- Develop . 
      
Next click create pull request and  if you want reviewers then you will click reviewer and select some reviewers.
If you select reviewers , the reviews are give some comments or approval . Next you can merge ,you will click merge pull request or the reviewers are merged . 
      
 

And successfully merged pull request to Feature branch . 
  
 
Now  we are saw the document file in Feature branch.
 
Next same steps are followed , Feature branch to QA branch .
Now all the files are pushed into QA branch . In this push , there are some conditions . The conditions are  rebase or pull request .
 First click the pull request option , then click new pull request , now change base and compare branch. so base --- QA branch , compare --- Feature . 
	
 

Next click create pull request and  if you want reviewers then you will click reviewer and select some reviewers.
If you select reviewers , the reviews are give some comments or approval . Next you can merge ,you will click merge pull request or the reviewers are merged . 
 
And successfully merged pull request to Feature branch . 
 
Now  we are saw the document file in Feature branch.
 

Next step the QA team successfully verified , then the QA branch push into Release branch .
We are follow condition , the condition is it accepts pull request some specific people . 
 
Now Successfully merged  to Release branch.
     














 

